README.md, before:

# dfst-linkmgmt-basex
Link management application implemented using the BaseX XQuery database

This module provides a combination of XQuery modules and Web applications
that provide basic DITA-aware link management features:

* Where used: Where is a given element, topic, map, or non-DITA resource used?
* Dependency tracking: What are the things a given map or topic depends on?
* DITA-aware search: Find elements based on their DITA properties
* Quick HTML preview of DITA content
* Key space knowledge management: Maintain knowledge of all key spaces defined in all the maps in the repository
* Key resolution services: A REST API that takes the key space, key name, and applicability conditions, and returns either the applicable key definitions or the resources ultimately referenced by those key definitions (if any).

## Project Organization

The project contains the following directories:

modules/

  Contains XQuery modules to be loaded by BaseX. You can configure this directory as the BaseX REPO directory in
  your .basex configuration file, copy the contents of this directory into whatever directory you've configured
  as the module repository directory (e.g., the "repo/" directory within the BaseX installation directory), or
  use the BaseX "REPO INSTALL" command to install them, e.g.:
  
  ~~~~
  for f in modules/*; do basexclient -c "repo install ${PWD}/${f}"; done
  ~~~~ 
  
webapp/

  Contains the link management Web application files. The contents of this directory must be copied to the
  BaseX webapp/ directory. These are RESTXQ files that implement the user interface and REST API parts
  of the link management application.

## Implementation Approach

This code depends on the BaseX-specific git commit hooks provided in the dfst-git-commit-hooks project. Those 
commit hooks store copies of the DITA documents into the BaseX repository, keeping the XQuery database in sync with 
the git repository as commits are made.

Within BaseX, each branch of each repository is represented as a separate BaseX database. This allows for
easy querying within a specific repository and branch. In order to keep things efficient and
minimize the disk size of the BaseX databases, the BaseX repository only 
reflects the latest commit on a given branch. 

It would be possible to store each commit as a separate BaseX database,
but this would start to use a lot of storage. As a future refinement it might make sense to keep tagged
commits as separate BaseX databases inorder to be able to search against older versions (this might be required
for some linking use cases where documents need to be able to link to older versions of specific resources).   
It could also be possible to only create commit-specific databases when links to those older versions are
created.

Commit message:

Reorganized the test HTML files, put the basex RESTXQ sample under a basex-specific URL

README.md, after:

# dfst-linkmgmt-basex
Link management application implemented using the BaseX XQuery database

This module provides a combination of XQuery modules and Web applications
that provide basic DITA-aware link management features:

* Where used: Where is a given element, topic, map, or non-DITA resource used?
* Dependency tracking: What are the things a given map or topic depends on?
* DITA-aware search: Find elements based on their DITA properties
* Quick HTML preview of DITA content
* Key space knowledge management: Maintain knowledge of all key spaces defined in all the maps in the repository
* Key resolution services: A REST API that takes the key space, key name, and applicability conditions, and returns either the applicable key definitions or the resources ultimately referenced by those key definitions (if any).

## Project Organization

The project contains the following directories:

* modules/

  Contains XQuery modules to be loaded by BaseX. You can configure this directory as the BaseX REPO directory in
  your .basex configuration file, copy the contents of this directory into whatever directory you've configured
  as the module repository directory (e.g., the "repo/" directory within the BaseX installation directory), or
  use the BaseX "REPO INSTALL" command to install them, e.g.:
  
  ~~~~
  for f in modules/*; do basexclient -c "repo install ${PWD}/${f}"; done
  ~~~~ 
  
* webapp/

  Contains the BaseX Web application for the link management. You can either use this directory as the BaseX 
  Web application by setting WEBPATH to this directory your local .basex configuration or you can copy the 
  contents of this directory to the BaseX installation's webapp/ directory.  
  
  If you set this directory as the WEBPATH directory, then when you start the basexhttp server it will create
  a WEB-INF directory containing the jetty.xml and web.xml configuration files. You can modify those to
  configure the services for your location (e.g., to change the default port, disable services, etc.).

## Implementation Approach

This code depends on the BaseX-specific git commit hooks provided in the dfst-git-commit-hooks project. Those 
commit hooks store copies of the DITA documents into the BaseX repository, keeping the XQuery database in sync with 
the git repository as commits are made.

Within BaseX, each branch of each repository is represented as a separate BaseX database. This allows for
easy querying within a specific repository and branch. In order to keep things efficient and
minimize the disk size of the BaseX databases, the BaseX repository only 
reflects the latest commit on a given branch. 

It would be possible to store each commit as a separate BaseX database,
but this would start to use a lot of storage. As a future refinement it might make sense to keep tagged
commits as separate BaseX databases inorder to be able to search against older versions (this might be required
for some linking use cases where documents need to be able to link to older versions of specific resources).   
It could also be possible to only create commit-specific databases when links to those older versions are
created.
